hey guys welcome back to class g-body
garage got the 78 Cal 80 top in the
driveway and the bucket seats are still
out of it so I had to sit on the floor
to move the car but no big deal the
seats are cleaned up and they're out
there in the Sun drying so what I figure
I would do right now is start playing a
little wheel swap as you guys can see
this car I purchased this car with the
Chevy rallies on it and these are
actually a set of Camaro rallies oh hey
movil what's up these are 14 by 7-inch
rallies and this is an old Cutlass and
these are Chevy rallies so these wheels
will not be staying on this car so I am
going to be putting a set of Cutlass
rallies on this car I do have one of my
burgundy rallies on here just for the
time being just I don't even remember
why I swap that out oh wait the the tire
kept on going flat so I yeah fix fix
that ordeal so here we go ahead and take
the wheels off this car and I'm going to
put the silver rallies that are on the
80 Cutlass parts car let me run back
here there the seats drying in the Sun
I'm always checking them out
sorry off the cameras all bouncy but I
wanted to run over here so you guys can
see what wheels are gonna go on this car
doing a little bit of work on the 78 for
speed as well got all sorts of things
going on here so here are the wheels
that are going on that car I do have a
different set of tires
that'll be going on these wheels because
these tires are all dry rotted as you
can see but just for now I want to get
these these wheels off of this car
because this car is gonna be out of here
hopefully soon and I want to save these
wheels for the blue 78 so I'm gonna go
ahead and jack up the cars and do a
little switching around we'll see what
it looks like
all right got the Cutlass rallies on the
78 Calais you know I'm not sure if these
wheels came on this car when it was new
I never did find the build sheet so I
don't know if it came with the coal
looking aluminum wheels had the color
coated hubcaps or had the rally wheels
like I just put on here so this is what
the car will have when I sell it and you
guys can probably guess what those Chevy
rallies are going to go on hint it's
white and it has hubcaps and it's a
Chevy so there you go just a quick
little wheel swap since I was planning
on taking those Chevy rallies off of
this car anyways so it doesn't look half
bad with the silver rallies on this car
so what I'm gonna do these tires you
know they're so dry rounded as you saw
these tires are not going to stand on
this car when I sell it I do have a set
of raised white lettered BF Goodrich
which will look real nice on this car
and it'll make it drive a whole lot
nicer than I'm sure these tires will
give me so there you go guys
the 78 Calais is looking pretty decent
definitely not a show car but it's gonna
make someone a very very nice ride a
very very fun ride and someone a very
fun project car if they so choose to to
make it one so alright guys go ahead and
subscribe keep those comments coming I
always reply to those comments and as
always I will talk to you in the next
classic g-body garage video